add qa-flow, consolidate QA/AQA/testgen skills, add manual tests (#110)
griddynamics/rosetta: instructions/r3/core/skills/debugging/SKILL.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Temporarily enable tracing in code and logs — review actual execution vs assumed execution, then remove tracing
8. Use test_execution_triage for  analyzing failures of automated test execution.
```

</role>

<when_to_use_skill>

> Use when encountering errors, test failures, unexpected behavior, or when a previous fix failed and the issue persists. For an automated-test execution report (UI or API), use the test-execution triage mode in `<test_execution_triage>`. Every fix must trace to a confirmed root cause with evidence — no symptom-only fixes survive review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use when encountering errors, test failures, unexpected behavior, or when a previous fix failed and the issue persists, or for triaging. Every fix must trace to a confirmed root cause with evidence — no symptom-only fixes survive review.
```

</when_to_use_skill>

<core_concepts>

- All Rosetta prep steps MUST be FULLY completed, load-context skill loaded and fully executed
- ALWAYS find root cause before attempting fixes; symptom fixes are failure
- Make implicit become explicit — incorrect assumptions hide root causes
- Evidence label per cause — `Confirmed` (both sides cited) | `Assumption` (partial; state the missing evidence) | `Unknown` (none; state what is needed); the weaker label wins ties

> - Redaction of captured logs, requests, responses, or page sources → USE SKILL `sensitive-data` (canonical authority)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redaction of captured logs, requests, responses, or page sources → USE SKILL `sensitive-data`
```

Reviewer: Remove noise that is not needed

</implementation>

> <test_execution_triage>

Reviewer: This part is tightly coupled with the workflow.
Workflow KNOWS how to and calls the skill, SKILL does NOT know workflow, SKILL is universal functionality, that workflow wants to reuse.

> Read-only triage of an automated-test execution report. The caller supplies three bindings: the report path, the failure-category taxonomy to use, and the output-artifact contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read-only triage of an automated test execution report.
```

Reviewer: The rest belongs to the actual workflow!

> 1. Parse the report — per-test status, error message, stack trace, duration, and captured artifacts (screenshots, page source, request/response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Analyze the report — per-test status, error message, stack trace, duration, and captured artifacts (screenshots, page source, request/response).
```

2. Categorize each failure into exactly one category from the supplied taxonomy (most-proximate cause).

> 3. For element/selector errors analyze the captured page source; for response/assertion errors analyze the captured request/response. No capture available → label the cause `Unknown` and state the capture needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Analyze source data, example: for element/selector errors analyze the captured page source; for response/assertion errors analyze the captured request/response. No source/capture available → label the cause `Unknown` and state the source/capture needed.
```

4. Identify cross-failure patterns — shared cause, setup cascade, environment-wide, category skew — and prioritize Critical/High/Medium/Low.

> 5. Label each cause's evidence strength (→ `<core_concepts>`) and write findings into the caller's output artifact, redacted (→ `<core_concepts>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Label each cause's evidence strength and write findings into the caller's output artifact, redacted by core_concepts.
```

> GATE: read-only. Proposing or applying fixes is a separate correction phase (`debugging` for root-cause / proposed-change reasoning + `coding` for the edit).

Reviewer: This gate belongs to workflow + it breaks the actual skill

> Worked evidence labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worked evidence labels examples:
```

- Failing test reproduces the bug
- No regressions introduced
- Prevention recommendation documented

> - Triage mode: every failed test has one taxonomy category, a root cause, and an evidence label; selector/response causes cite captured evidence or are labeled `Unknown`; cross-failure patterns are named or explicitly none; redaction scan ran

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Triage mode: every failed test has one taxonomy category, a root cause, and an evidence label; grounded in source/capture; cross-failure patterns are explicit; redaction scan ran
```
